Getting started: Developer section (#6081)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_wide/getting_started/platform_overview.md

## Data analysis and action
Data stored in Braze is retained and usable for segmentation, personalization, and targeting as long as you’re a Braze customer. That allows you to act on user profile data (for example, session activity or purchases) until you choose to deprecate that information. For instance, a streaming service could track each subscriber’s viewed content from their first day on the service (even if that was many years ago) and use that data to  power relevant messaging.

![A segment in the Braze dashboard called "Recent purchasers" juxtaposed next to a phone screen showing a "Top Recommendations for Linda" email.][3]{: style="max-width:80%"} 

### App analytics
The Braze dashboard displays graphs that are updated in real-time based upon a number of analytics metrics as well as custom events that you instrument in your application. Consistently measuring and optimizing your campaigns with A/B testing, custom reporting and analytics, and automated intelligence helps you keep customers engaged and stand out from competitors in your space.

### User segmentation

> Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, etc. Braze also allows you to define any in-app user action as a "custom event" if the desired action is not captured by default. The same is true of user characteristics via "custom attributes." After a user segment is created on the dashboard, your users will move in and out of the segment as they meet (or fail to meet) the defined criteria. For example, you can create segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, and similar.
```

> Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, etc. Braze also allows you to define any in-app user action as a "custom event" if the desired action is not captured by default. The same is true of user characteristics via "custom attributes." After a user segment is created on the dashboard, your users will move in and out of the segment as they meet (or fail to meet) the defined criteria. For example, you can create segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can create a segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.
```

> Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, etc. Braze also allows you to define any in-app user action as a "custom event" if the desired action is not captured by default. The same is true of user characteristics via "custom attributes." After a user segment is created on the dashboard, your users will move in and out of the segment as they meet (or fail to meet) the defined criteria. For example, you can create segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, and similar. Braze also allows you to define any in-app user action as a "custom event" if the desired action is not captured by default. The same is true of user characteristics via "custom attributes." After a user segment is created on the dashboard, your users will move in and out of the segment as they meet (or fail to meet) the defined criteria. For example, you can create a segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.
```

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| [Content Cards]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards/about/)*       | Content Cards allow you to send a highly targeted, dynamic stream of rich content to your customers inside your app without interrupting their experience. In addition, Content Cards support more personalized features, including card pinning, card dismissal, API-based delivery, Connected Content, custom card expiration times, card analytics, and easy coordination with push notifications. |
| [Email]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/about/)                        | Send your users rich HTML messages by adding your existing HTML templates, using our rich text editor, or our drag and drop editor.                                                                                                        |

> | [In-app messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/about/)    | Send unobtrusive in-app notifications via our custom-built native user interface. Messages can be presented at any time of your choosing (for example, when users start a new session or complete a specific action) ensuring that your message arrives at the most effective time to engage the user.                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [In-app messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/about/)    | Send unobtrusive in-app notifications via our custom-built native user interface. Messages can be presented at any time of your choosing (for example, when users start a new session or complete a specific action) so that your message arrives at the most effective time to engage the user.                                                                        |
```

### User segmentation
Segmentation allows you to create groups of users based on powerful filters of their in-app behavior, demographic data, and similar. Braze also allows you to define any in-app user action as a "custom event" if the desired action is not captured by default. The same is true of user characteristics via "custom attributes." After a user segment is created on the dashboard, your users will move in and out of the segment as they meet (or fail to meet) the defined criteria. For example, you can create a segment that includes all users who have spent money in-app and last used the app more than two weeks ago.

For more on our data models, check out: [Getting Started: Analytics overview]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_wide/getting_started/architecture_overview).

## Multichannel messaging

> Once you have defined a segment, Braze's messaging tools allow you to engage with your users in a dynamic, personalized way. Braze was designed with a channel-agnostic, user-centric data model. Messaging is done inside your app or site (such as sending in-app messages or through graphic elements like Content Card carousels and banners) or outside your app experience (such as sending push notifications or emails). For example, your marketers can send a push notification and an email to the example segment defined in the previous section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you have defined a segment, the Braze messaging tools allow you to engage with your users in a dynamic, personalized way. Braze was designed with a channel-agnostic, user-centric data model. Messaging is done inside your app or site (such as sending in-app messages or through graphic elements like Content Card carousels and banners) or outside your app experience (such as sending push notifications or emails). For example, your marketers can send a push notification and an email to the example segment defined in the previous section. 
```

| [Push]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/about/)                   | Braze supports the Apple Push Notification Service (APNs) for iOS and Firebase Cloud Messaging (FCM) for Android. Push notifications can be triggered by the publication of messaging campaigns and news items.                                                                                   |
| [SMS/MMS]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/sms/about_sms/)*                   | Use SMS/MMS with Braze to send transactional notifications, share promotions, send reminders, and more.                                                                                                             |
| [Web push]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/web)                         | Deliver notifications to users' web browsers, even when they are not actively on your website.                                                         |

> | [Webhooks]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/understanding_webhooks/) | Braze's webhooks allow you to trigger non-app actions, providing other systems and applications with real-time information. The flexibility of this feature allows you to send information to any endpoint.                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Webhooks]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/webhooks/understanding_webhooks/) | Braze webhooks allow you to trigger non-app actions, providing other systems and applications with real-time information. The flexibility of this feature allows you to send information to any endpoint.                                                    |
```

{{site.baseurl}}/assets/img/getting-started/run-example.png <br> You can also create completely custom components to control what your messaging looks like, how it behaves, and how they interact with other messaging channels (for example, triggering a Content Card based on a push notification). Braze provides SDK methods to allow you to log metrics like impressions, clicks, and dismissals in the Braze dashboard. Each messaging channel has an analytics article to help facilitate this.
{% endgallery %}

<br>
<br>
For more on customizing messaging channels, check out: [Getting Started: Customization overview]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/customization_guides/customization_overview).

## Integrating Braze
Braze is designed to get up and running quickly and easily. Our average time-to-value is six weeks across our customer base of hundreds of brands.

For more on the integration process, check out: [Getting Started: Integration overview]({{site.baseurl}}/developer_guide/platform_wide/getting_started/integration_overview/).

> > Explore the different SDKs Braze offers:

Author: Bad ideas, mostly, on my part. Playing with the formatting to see if I could achieve something visually. Seeing if anybody would call me on it. 

Taken your suggestion.
